Think.
Thought.
Mary likes to think before acting.
She thought long and hard about her decision.
She's thought about it every day since.
Say.
Said.
Leo wants to say.
Leo wants to say something important.
He said it yesterday at the meeting
He's said it many times now Find Found
Found Sue hopes to find her keys
She found them under the couch last night
She's found things in stranger places
before Give Gave Given Tim tries to give
compliments He gave one to his teacher
yesterday He's given them to many people lately
Tell
Told
Told Sarah wants
to tell a secret
She told it to her best friend She's told
many more since then Become Become Became
Become John wants to become an actor He
became interested after watching a play
He's become more confident in performing
Begin Began Began Begun Sam wants to
begin writing a book He began last month
but got stuck He's begun rewriting it now
Show Show Showed Showed Shown Jane wants
to show her art She showed it at a
gallery last year
She's
shown it at many places since Leave Left
Left Left Mark tries to leave on time
He left late yesterday, though He's left
early before but always gets delayed Feel
Felt Felt Felt Emma loves to feel happy
Yesterday, she felt amazing after a good
workout She's felt energetic all week
She's felt energetic all week She's
already Felt